Discovery.md, before:

---
title: "Blog-Doc: Node.js CMS & SSG"
tagline: "A tiny and dead simple static site generator written in JavaScript."
theme_color: "#e8b750"
git: "https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc-space"
homepage: "https://blocdoc-1-v3476171.deta.app/"
---

The Simplest Node.js CMS & SSG !

## Features ⚡

-   Administrate your app from the front-end ! ![Settings icon](/public/icons/settings.svg)
-   Gallery to upload your images ![Image upload icon](/public/icons/photo-up.svg)
-   Create, Read, Update & Delete your pages and posts ![Pencil icon](/public/icons/pencil.svg)
-   Paginated blog with chosen number of posts per page ![Left and right arrows icon](/public/icons/arrows-left-right.svg)
-   Posts pagination to navigate between your posts ![Arrow left and right icon](/public/icons/arrow-left-right.svg)
-   Write your content in Markdown ![Markdown icon](/public/icons/markdown.svg)
-   Ability to use HTML in Markdown ![HTML5 icon](/public/icons/brand-html5.svg)
-   Tag(s) for posts ![Tags icon](/public/icons/tags.svg)
-   Featured image for posts ![Image icon](/public/icons/photo.svg)
-   Archive route for posts ![Archive icon](/public/icons/archive.svg)
-   Tags list route ![Bookmarks icon](/public/icons/bookmarks.svg)
-   Individual route for each tag ![Bookmark icon](/public/icons/bookmark.svg)
-   Titles & Meta Descriptions ![H1 icon](/public/icons/h-1.svg)
-   RSS feed ![RSS icon](/public/icons/rss.svg)
-   Sitemap ![Sitemap icon](/public/icons/sitemap.svg)
-   Search ![Search icon](/public/icons/search.svg)
-   Ids for H2 till H4 in Markdown ![Hash icon](/public/icons/hash.svg)
-   Hot reloading in development mode ![Flame icon](/public/icons/flame.svg)

## Solid stack of technologies 🪨

### Backend (input)

-   Node.js 16.x or higher.
-   EJS is 100% JavaScript.
-   Markdown to focus on your content.

### Frontend (output)

-   HTML, CSS and a tiny JS file.

## Blazing fast and simple 🚀

-   A zero configuration static site generator.
-   Ready to use on your Node.js server as a Node.js CMS.
-   Ready to use, after build, as a static site.
-   Without any unnecessary functionalities, loads in a blink of an eye.
-   Easy to install and use.

## Design 🎨

-   Responsive, elegant and simple layout.
-   Ready to use template for blog and/or documentation.
-   Easy to modify if you opt for another design.

Commit message:

Add drag and drop menu links to features

Discovery.md, after:

---
title: "Blog-Doc: Node.js CMS & SSG"
tagline: "A tiny and dead simple static site generator written in JavaScript."
theme_color: "#e8b750"
git: "https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc-space"
homepage: "https://blocdoc-1-v3476171.deta.app/"
---

The Simplest Node.js CMS & SSG !

## Features ⚡

-   Administrate your app from the front-end ! ![Settings icon](/public/icons/settings.svg)
-   Gallery to upload your images ![Image upload icon](/public/icons/photo-up.svg)
-   Create, Read, Update & Delete your pages and posts ![Pencil icon](/public/icons/pencil.svg)
-   Paginated blog with chosen number of posts per page ![Left and right arrows icon](/public/icons/arrows-left-right.svg)
-   Posts pagination to navigate between your posts ![Arrow left and right icon](/public/icons/arrow-left-right.svg)
-   Write your content in Markdown ![Markdown icon](/public/icons/markdown.svg)
-   Ability to use HTML in Markdown ![HTML5 icon](/public/icons/brand-html5.svg)
-   Tag(s) for posts ![Tags icon](/public/icons/tags.svg)
-   Featured image for posts ![Image icon](/public/icons/photo.svg)
-   Archive route for posts ![Archive icon](/public/icons/archive.svg)
-   Tags list route ![Bookmarks icon](/public/icons/bookmarks.svg)
-   Individual route for each tag ![Bookmark icon](/public/icons/bookmark.svg)
-   Titles & Meta Descriptions ![H1 icon](/public/icons/h-1.svg)
-   Drag and drop your menu links to sort them ![Menu order icon](/public/icons/menu-order.svg)
-   RSS feed ![RSS icon](/public/icons/rss.svg)
-   Sitemap ![Sitemap icon](/public/icons/sitemap.svg)
-   Search ![Search icon](/public/icons/search.svg)
-   Ids for H2 till H4 in Markdown ![Hash icon](/public/icons/hash.svg)
-   Hot reloading in development mode ![Flame icon](/public/icons/flame.svg)

## Solid stack of technologies 🪨

### Backend (input)

-   Node.js 16.x or higher.
-   EJS is 100% JavaScript.
-   Markdown to focus on your content.

### Frontend (output)

-   HTML, CSS and a tiny JS file.

## Blazing fast and simple 🚀

-   A zero configuration static site generator.
-   Ready to use on your Node.js server as a Node.js CMS.
-   Ready to use, after build, as a static site.
-   Without any unnecessary functionalities, loads in a blink of an eye.
-   Easy to install and use.

## Design 🎨

-   Responsive, elegant and simple layout.
-   Ready to use template for blog and/or documentation.
-   Easy to modify if you opt for another design.
