views/pages/doc.md, before:

---
title: Install Blog-Doc
subTitle: Installing and using the app
---

## Blog-Doc

A tiny blog and documentation SSG app.

## Features

### Functionalities ⚡

-   Paginated blog ↔️
-   Posts pagination ↔️
-   Write your content in Markdown 📝
-   Ability to use HTML in Markdown 🌟
-   Tag(s) for posts 🔖
-   Featured image for posts 🖼️
-   Links autogenerated at build time 🖇️
-   Archive route for posts 📦
-   Tags list route 🔖
-   Individual route for each tag 🏷️
-   Titles & Meta Descriptions 🤯
-   RSS feed 💐
-   Sitemap 🗺️
-   Hot reloading in development mode 🔥

### Solid stack of technologies 🪨

#### Backend (input)

-   Node.js 16.x or higher.
-   EJS is 100% JavaScript.
-   Markdown to focus on your content.

#### Frontend (output)

-   HTML, CSS and a tiny JS file.

### Blazing fast and simple 🚀

-   A zero configuration static site generator.
-   Ready to use on your Node.js server as a Node.js app.
-   Ready to use, after build, as a static site.
-   Without any unnecessary functionalities, loads in a blink of an eye.
-   Easy to install and use.

### Design 🎨

-   Responsive, elegant and simple layout.
-   Ready to use template for blog and/or documentation.
-   Easy to modify if you opt for another design.

## How to install Blog-Doc ?

Blog-Doc is a `Node.js` app. You should have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) on your machine.  
Always go for the **LTS** version. At the time of writing those lines it's 18.12.1 !

To install it, just head over it's [Github repository](https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc) and download it.  
You can also download it's zip by clicking on the following link : [Bloc-Doc ZIP](https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc/archive/refs/heads/master.zip).

Once everything is in place, extract the zipped files to a new folder and open it in your IDE (I use the one and only [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)).  
Then type in the terminal :

```bash
npm install
```

After the install, you'll see that Blog-Doc comes with some posts, a page and a template. Those files are located under the **views** folder in the **pages**, **posts** and **templates** folders. You can begin by removing those existing files and create your own [Posts and Pages](/posts-and-pages) and also [Templates](/templates).

To see what you content looks like, type in your terminal the following command :

```bash
npm run watch
```

This command will allow you to explore the app in the browser of your choice by visiting [localhost on port 3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Generate a static site

### How is it done ?!

When you try to reproduce an idea like an SSG, you learn a lot and especially to respect and appreciate the great and hard work of the developers who made applications used by thousand of people !

Rendering a static file out of a template is an easy task, but turning different routes working together to produce a Node.js app into some folders and a lot of files to generate a static site is not an easy one !

The file behind this trick in Blog-Doc is **build.js**. You can find this file under the **functions** folder. It's very similar to the [filesRoute.js](/the-files-route). The difference between the two is that **filesRoute.js** renders the posts, pages and templates in the Node.js app while **build.js** generates out of those posts, pages and templates a ready to use static site.

### How does it work ?

To generate a static site out of your posts, pages and templates, type the following command in your terminal :

```bash
npm run build
```

This command will create a **\_site** folder in which all the necessary folders and files are created. You can now copy the entire content of the **\_site** folder to the server of your choice or just test it locally.

## How to use it ?

### Test it locally

Copy the content of the **\_site** folder to a new folder and open it in your IDE, I use [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) extension.  
Launch the local server and you'll be able to explore the static site.

### Host it !

Push the content of the **\_site** folder to a host of your choice.  
There are many free hosts for static sites. The most known are :

-   [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
-   [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
-   [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/)
-   [Render](https://render.com/)
-   [Surge](https://surge.sh/)
-   [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
-   [GitLab Pages](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/pages/#gitlab-pages)
-   [Azure Static Web Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/app-service/static/)

_Nota Bene : the above list can be much longer with the different services out there to host a static site !_

### Deploy it to Deta !

You can deploy the content of the **\_site** folder to [Deta](https://www.deta.sh/) as a Node.js app !  
It took me less than 5 minutes to do it !  
Deta's [documentation](https://docs.deta.sh/docs/micros/about) is great and straightforward !  
You can take a look at the result by visiting [Blog-Doc static with Express](https://blog-doc-static-express.deta.dev/).  
The implementation can be found on the following [GitHub repository](https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc-static-express).

## RSS !

⚠️ You **MUST** provide the **live URL** of your site in the **settings.json** file under the **config** folder before deploying the application.

At build time, a `rss.xml` file is generated in the **\_site** folder.  
This file takes the live URL that you provided to generate the correct links for your feed.  
_Nota Bene : the live URL **MUST** end with a slash `/` !_

If you wish for browsers and software, that supports it, to automatically find your site's RSS feed, you can add a `<link>` tag in **head.ejs** just under the `<title>` tag like one of the following links :

```html
<!-- head.ejs is located in the components folder under the views folder -->
<title>Blog-Doc | <%= titles.docTitle %></title>
<!-- If you intend to use Blog-Doc as a Node.js app use this example with `/rss` at the end -->
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Your site title" href="https://your-site.com/rss" />
<!-- If you intend to use the Blog-Doc as a static site use this one with `/rss.xml` at the end -->
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Your site title" href="https://your-site.com/rss.xml" />
```

Of course, you **MUST** edit **rss.ejs** in the **layouts** folder under the **views** folder.  
You **SHOULD** replace the `<title>`, `<description>` and `<copyright>` tags with the ones of your site.  
You **MAY** replace the `<language>` tag with the language of your site.  
A list of available language codes can be found on the [RSS language codes page](https://www.rssboard.org/rss-language-codes).

Bellow is a screenshot of the RSS feed of Blog-Doc in [Vivaldi browser](https://vivaldi.com/)

<style>
    .pure-img-responsive {
        border-style: dashed;
    }
</style>
<img class="pure-img-responsive" src="/images/bloc-doc-rss.xml.png">

## Sitemap

Like the RSS feed, you **MUST** provide the **live URL** of your site in the **settings.json** file under the **config** folder to generate the correct links for each page, post, tag and template as well as for the blog routes.

You can check the sitemap of your site under the `/sitemap` route.  
At build time, a `sitemap.xml` is generated in the **\_site** folder.

## What's next ?

I intend to make a lot of improvements to this app in my short free time.

You can take Blog-Doc as a prototype and modify it totally to use it with another design and/or another template language (I use the one and only plain JavaScript [EJS](https://ejs.co/)).

I really hope that this app will be useful in any way for a lot of people out there, I'm considering it as my personal contribution to the Node.js, Express, EJS and Markdown communities.

Ideas, comments and suggestions are most welcome.

SYA,
LebCit

Commit message:

Update documentation for search feature

views/pages/doc.md, after:

---
title: Install Blog-Doc
subTitle: Installing and using the app
---

## Blog-Doc

A tiny blog and documentation SSG app.

## Features

### Functionalities ⚡

-   Paginated blog ↔️
-   Posts pagination ↔️
-   Write your content in Markdown 📝
-   Ability to use HTML in Markdown 🌟
-   Tag(s) for posts 🔖
-   Featured image for posts 🖼️
-   Links autogenerated at build time 🖇️
-   Archive route for posts 📦
-   Tags list route 🔖
-   Individual route for each tag 🏷️
-   Titles & Meta Descriptions 🤯
-   RSS feed 💐
-   Sitemap 🗺️
-   Search 🔍
-   Hot reloading in development mode 🔥

### Solid stack of technologies 🪨

#### Backend (input)

-   Node.js 16.x or higher.
-   EJS is 100% JavaScript.
-   Markdown to focus on your content.

#### Frontend (output)

-   HTML, CSS and a tiny JS file.

### Blazing fast and simple 🚀

-   A zero configuration static site generator.
-   Ready to use on your Node.js server as a Node.js app.
-   Ready to use, after build, as a static site.
-   Without any unnecessary functionalities, loads in a blink of an eye.
-   Easy to install and use.

### Design 🎨

-   Responsive, elegant and simple layout.
-   Ready to use template for blog and/or documentation.
-   Easy to modify if you opt for another design.

## How to install Blog-Doc ?

Blog-Doc is a `Node.js` app. You should have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) on your machine.  
Always go for the **LTS** version. At the time of writing those lines it's 18.12.1 !

To install it, just head over it's [Github repository](https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc) and download it.  
You can also download it's zip by clicking on the following link : [Bloc-Doc ZIP](https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc/archive/refs/heads/master.zip).

Once everything is in place, extract the zipped files to a new folder and open it in your IDE (I use the one and only [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)).  
Then type in the terminal :

```bash
npm install
```

After the install, you'll see that Blog-Doc comes with some posts, a page and a template. Those files are located under the **views** folder in the **pages**, **posts** and **templates** folders. You can begin by removing those existing files and create your own [Posts and Pages](/posts-and-pages) and also [Templates](/templates).

To see what you content looks like, type in your terminal the following command :

```bash
npm run watch
```

This command will allow you to explore the app in the browser of your choice by visiting [localhost on port 3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Generate a static site

### How is it done ?!

When you try to reproduce an idea like an SSG, you learn a lot and especially to respect and appreciate the great and hard work of the developers who made applications used by thousand of people !

Rendering a static file out of a template is an easy task, but turning different routes working together to produce a Node.js app into some folders and a lot of files to generate a static site is not an easy one !

The file behind this trick in Blog-Doc is **build.js**. You can find this file under the **functions** folder. It's very similar to the [filesRoute.js](/the-files-route). The difference between the two is that **filesRoute.js** renders the posts, pages and templates in the Node.js app while **build.js** generates out of those posts, pages and templates a ready to use static site.

### How does it work ?

To generate a static site out of your posts, pages and templates, type the following command in your terminal :

```bash
npm run build
```

This command will create a **\_site** folder in which all the necessary folders and files are created. You can now copy the entire content of the **\_site** folder to the server of your choice or just test it locally.

## How to use it ?

### Test it locally

Copy the content of the **\_site** folder to a new folder and open it in your IDE, I use [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the [Live Server](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ritwickdey.LiveServer) extension.  
Launch the local server and you'll be able to explore the static site.

### Host it !

Push the content of the **\_site** folder to a host of your choice.  
There are many free hosts for static sites. The most known are :

-   [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
-   [Vercel](https://vercel.com/)
-   [Cloudflare Pages](https://pages.cloudflare.com/)
-   [Render](https://render.com/)
-   [Surge](https://surge.sh/)
-   [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
-   [GitLab Pages](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/pages/#gitlab-pages)
-   [Azure Static Web Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/app-service/static/)

_Nota Bene : the above list can be much longer with the different services out there to host a static site !_

### Deploy it to Deta !

You can deploy the content of the **\_site** folder to [Deta](https://www.deta.sh/) as a Node.js app !  
It took me less than 5 minutes to do it !  
Deta's [documentation](https://docs.deta.sh/docs/micros/about) is great and straightforward !  
You can take a look at the result by visiting [Blog-Doc static with Express](https://blog-doc-static-express.deta.dev/).  
The implementation can be found on the following [GitHub repository](https://github.com/LebCit/blog-doc-static-express).

## RSS !

⚠️ You **MUST** provide the **live URL** of your site in the **settings.json** file under the **config** folder before deploying the application.

At build time, a `rss.xml` file is generated in the **\_site** folder.  
This file takes the live URL that you provided to generate the correct links for your feed.  
_Nota Bene : the live URL **MUST** end with a slash `/` !_

If you wish for browsers and software, that supports it, to automatically find your site's RSS feed, you can add a `<link>` tag in **head.ejs** just under the `<title>` tag like one of the following links :

```html
<!-- head.ejs is located in the components folder under the views folder -->
<title>Blog-Doc | <%= titles.docTitle %></title>
<!-- If you intend to use Blog-Doc as a Node.js app use this example with `/rss` at the end -->
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Your site title" href="https://your-site.com/rss" />
<!-- If you intend to use the Blog-Doc as a static site use this one with `/rss.xml` at the end -->
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="Your site title" href="https://your-site.com/rss.xml" />
```

Of course, you **MUST** edit **rss.ejs** in the **layouts** folder under the **views** folder.  
You **SHOULD** replace the `<title>`, `<description>` and `<copyright>` tags with the ones of your site.  
You **MAY** replace the `<language>` tag with the language of your site.  
A list of available language codes can be found on the [RSS language codes page](https://www.rssboard.org/rss-language-codes).

Bellow is a screenshot of the RSS feed of Blog-Doc in [Vivaldi browser](https://vivaldi.com/)

<style>
    .pure-img-responsive {
        border-style: dashed;
    }
</style>
<img class="pure-img-responsive" src="/images/bloc-doc-rss.xml.png">

## Sitemap

Like the RSS feed, you **MUST** provide the **live URL** of your site in the **settings.json** file under the **config** folder to generate the correct links for each page, post, tag and template as well as for the blog routes.

You can check the sitemap of your site under the `/sitemap` route.  
At build time, a `sitemap.xml` is generated in the **\_site** folder.

## Search

Blog-Doc has a built-in search feature.  
The search functionality allows a user to make a research on **the titles** and **the contents** of the posts.

You can check the search of your site under the `/search` route.  
At build time, a `posts.json` and a `search.js` are generated in **\_site/js**.  
Also, at build time, a `search.html` is generated in the **\_site** folder.

You can disable the search in the Node.js app as well as for the generated static site by giving `searchFeature` a value of `false` in the **settings.json** file under the **config** folder.

To see it in action, take a look at :

-   [Search in Node.js app](https://blocdoc-1-v3476171.deta.app/search)
-   [Search in static site](https://blog-doc-static-express.deta.dev/search.html)

## What's next ?

I intend to make a lot of improvements to this app in my short free time.

You can take Blog-Doc as a prototype and modify it totally to use it with another design and/or another template language (I use the one and only plain JavaScript [EJS](https://ejs.co/)).

I really hope that this app will be useful in any way for a lot of people out there, I'm considering it as my personal contribution to the Node.js, Express, EJS and Markdown communities.

Ideas, comments and suggestions are most welcome.

SYA,
LebCit
